feat: add organization authentication notes for Connected Accounts flow (#1041)
auth0/docs-v2: auth4genai/intro/call-others-apis-on-users-behalf.mdx

In a typical scenario, a user interacts with a frontend application (e.g., a chatbot interface). This frontend communicates with a secure backend service, often a Backend for Frontend (BFF) or an agent, which is responsible for calling the external API. Such applications can use refresh tokens for long-lived sessions and use the same refresh tokens to securely call external APIs on the user's behalf via Token Vault.

> <Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout icon="file-lines" color="#0EA5E9" iconType="regular">
```

> If your application uses [Organizations](https://auth0.com/docs/manage-users/organizations), the user still signs in to the target organization before authorizing the external provider through Connected Accounts. Organizations determine the session context, but Token Vault still exchanges tokens for the individual signed-in user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application uses [Organizations](https://auth0.com/docs/manage-users/organizations), authenticate the user with the target organization before authorizing the external provider through Connected Accounts. Organizations determine the session context, but Token Vault still exchanges tokens for the individual signed-in user.
```

> </Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</Callout>
```
